OSDOCS-2283: Added troubleshooting for expired offline access tokens. (#34242)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-troubleshooting-expired-token.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-troubleshooting-expired-token.adoc

[id="rosa-troubleshooting-expired-token_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting an expired offline access token

> If you are using the `rosa` CLI and your api.openshift.com offline access token has expired, an error message appears. This happens when sso.redhat.com invalidates the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `rosa` CLI and your api.openshift.com offline access token expires, an error message appears. This happens when sso.redhat.com invalidates the token.
```

According the the style guide, it's best to use simple tenses wherever possible. (So, if these edits change something fundamental in the content, please ignore them.)

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Can't get tokens ....
Can't get access tokens ....
----

.Procedure

> Generate a new offline access token at the following URL. A new offline access token is generated every time you visit the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate a new offline access token at the following URL. A new offline access token is generated every time you visit the URL.
```

Single step procedure modules use a single unordered list item for the step.

> * {product-title} (ROSA): https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/token/rosa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** {product-title} (ROSA): https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/token/rosa
```
